% BA Committee Meeting Protocol
% Hans Yu <[ba.computing@trin.cam.ac.uk](ba.computing@trin.cam.ac.uk)>
% Monday, March 4, 8 pm (BA Rooms)

---
geometry: a4paper
---

Present: Isabel Vallina-Garcia (president), Reece Oosterbeek (treasurer), Thomas Graff (liaison), Pooneh Nazari (catering), Stephen Bayley (welfare), Lukas Gast (events), Marcel Weiss (events), Christoph Kehle (sports), Parwana Fayyaz (women), Jake Glidden (LGBTQ+), Hans Yu (computing), Josh Brian (first year)

Apologies (in advance): Annalise Higgins (secretary), Stefanie Neun (events), Rebecca Brooks (first year)

##  Matters Arising From Previous Meeting

*   Marcel: Has the cleaning duty list and the restocking shopping list been drafted?
*   Isabel: No, it has not been done yet.

##  BA Society Freshers Week 2019-2020 Planning

General:

*   Isabel: We are now discussing feedback regarding this year's freshers week. Given budget and scheduling constraints, there is unfortunately not much room for a complete overhaul so we will have to restrict ourselves to incremental improvements.
*   Josh: As a fresher myself, I was very pleased with the freshers week. It was good to have a separate freshers mailing list so that we could receive daily overview emails.

Jazz band:

*   Marcel: Having a jazz band after first formal dinner did not seem to be popular.
*   Pooneh: I enjoyed the jazz band in my first year because it arguably demonstrated the refined tastes of the student community.

Workshops:

*   Stephen: We should consider supplementary events/workshops: recycling workshop, consent workshop, cycle safety, sexual assault & rape (SAR) information, etc. We could possibly combine it with other, entertaining events.
*   Hans: Do you intend them to be run by local experts or by ourselves?
*   Stephen: By ourselves as I envision each workshop to be quite short (about ten minutes each).
*   Jake: We could liaise with GU regarding training and materials.
*   Pooneh: Do you intend to make attendance compulsory?
*   Stephen: I would not specify this.
*   Parwana: We could make a pamphlet.
*   Josh: This would produce a lot of paper.
*   Parwana: We could do it on Monday, and combine it with the talks given by the den, the senior tutor, etc.

Matriculation dinner:

*   Isabel: The arrangement regarding matriculation and welcome dinner is not going to change in the near future. 
*   Isabel: We consider advancing the first BA dinner of the year from Friday to Thursday, October 10, so that freshers do not have BA dinner and matriculation dinner back to back. This would imply moving the pub quiz to Friday evening.

##  Easter Term Events

Ents:

*   Marcel: The ents team intends to limit the number of special events to about 15. We have reached this conclusion given the density of the calendar and meager sign-up statistics on occasion.
*   Marcel: A list of event ideas has been circulated so that the other committee members have the option to add ideas. We intend to have a good balance of events, which will include one or two cultural events in London (musical, opera, ballet, etc), one or two foodie events (e.g. tasting sessions, cooking class), petting zoo, go-karting, etc. TBD.

Welfare:

*   Stephen: We need to discuss with the ents team.
*   Jake: I am getting in touch with the newly elected LGBTQ representative in Trinity College Student Union to liaise regarding a revival of 1TQ. I am in touch with representatives of other colleges regarding a LGBTQ swap. I consider organizing a Eurovision event.

##  Survey Responses

*   Thomas: We have received 126 responses. This will be very useful to represent student interests in the college committees. Some of the topics include wifi, bike security, the college gym, and printing. From the data, we will extract the most important insights to draft proposals and devise strategies.

##  BA Jukebox

*   Hans: In the past, we had the issue of people touching our phones without permission. As a technological solution, I proposed a digital jukebox. But this ideas has been generally rejected.
*   Parwana: How about a bluetooth receiver to avoid people touching phones?
*   Josh: This is a great idea. I will look into it.

## BA Society Communications Policy

*   Hans: We have trialled the bulletin for a few months now. The feedback both from the survey in person is in my opinion inconclusive. I recognize that the streamlining of our communication may have been to the detriment of smaller, less visible events. I propose an anonymous vote among the committee members.

## Any Other Business

Coffee machine:

*   Isabel: We will dispose of the old, broken coffee machine.
