% BA Committee Meeting Protocol
% Hans Yu <[ba.computing@trin.cam.ac.uk](ba.computing@trin.cam.ac.uk)>
% Monday, April 2, 8 pm (BA Rooms)

---
geometry: a4paper
---

Present: Isabel Vallina-Garcia (president), Reece Oosterbeek (treasurer), Pooneh Nazari (catering), Lukas Gast (events), Stefanie Neun (events), Hans Yu (computing), Josh Brian (first year)

Apologies (in advance): Annalise Higgins (secretary), Thomas Graff (liaison), Stephen Bayley (welfare), Marcel Weiss (events), Christoph Kehle (sports), Parwana Fayyaz (women), Jake Glidden (LGBTQ+), Rebecca Brooks (first year)

## Matters arising from previous meetings

*   Marcel [in absence]: Did someone from the exec prepare the cleaning rota task list?
*   Reece: I am going to do it.
*   Marcel [in absence]: Did someone buy a bluetooth receiver for the BA bar parties?
*   Josh: I will catch up on this task.
*   Marcel [in absence]: Did someone print out the page from the coffee machine manual explaining the lights?
*   Reece: I am going to do it.

## AGM

*   Isabel: In preparation for the AGM, there is a number of things we need to do:

    *   Make sure we reach a quorum of 20 BAs.
    *   Book a room.
    *   Order form, e.g. from Aromi.

## Update on timeline for hustings and elections & producing handover documents

Timeline:

*   Isabel: Given the mandatory events from our constitution and a number of events already planned by Ents and Welfare, we are quite constrained in setting our schedule. I propose the following timeline:

    *   Tue, Apr 30 -- AGM.
    *   Tue, May 7 -- Nomination period begins.
    *   Sat, May 11 -- Nomination period ends.
    *   Sun, May 12 -- Hustings.
    *   Tue, May 14 -- Elections.
    *   Wed, May 15 -- Results.
    *   Tue, May 16 -- Handover feast.

## Committee photo

*   Isabel: It is a tradition for the BA Committee to have take a group picture and the end of the year. Usually, we do this before our final lunch with the master but it does not have to be. I have already got in touch with Jet Photography. But I need a volunteer to finalize the preparations.
*   Stefanie: When does the lunch with the master usually take place?
*   Isabel: Late May, early June.
*   Lukas: We should hold a Doodle/Slack poll.
*   Hans: I will do it.

## Finalizing Easter term events

London:

*   Lukas: As requested, I am in charge of looking into a cultural event in London. I am thinking of ten to fifteen tickets given that it will most likely be during the week.

Go-karts:

*   Lukas: I am also looking into go-karts, possibly on May 27 (during the week).
*   Isabel: It is quite expensive (75 GBP per person for bus/taxi + two hours).
    Lukas: The price does not depend on whether it takes place during the week or weekend. The issue is that there are not many dates available
*   Stefanie: Our schedule is quite full already. How about we drop this event?
*   Josh: Agreed.
*   Lukas: Sure, no problem. I will put the go-kart contact details and the pricelist into the handover document.

BA Seminar:

*   Isabel: Due to popular demand, I would also like to schedule a third BA seminar. For all, I would like to finalize all event dates by Fri, Apr 5 (Sat, Apr 6 -- the latest).

## BA Survey

*   Isabel: The surveys are concluded. Thomas and I have worked on the cumulative data. We have drafted written proposals based on the results. We presented the results to college, e.g. the Liaison Committee, the new Gym Working Group, our meeting with the Junior Bursar regarding bike storage and lockers, among others. The data was very useful, and we appreciate that people took the time to participate in our survey.
*   Marcel [in absence], Stefanie, Lukas, Hans: The survey has been concluded a long time ago, and we [other members on the committee] have not seen any of the results. This goes especially for feedback, which could be directly relevant to us. When can we expect these results? Or can we get access to the raw data?
*   Isabel: I see your point. I would be happy to share the Liaison Committee analyses with the Committee. Due to data protection, I am hesitant to hand out the raw data.
*   Hans: What about summaries for the wider BA community? I think we should take this seriously because they directly represent our commitment towards the quality of our work.
*   Isabel: I see your point, but I have reservations about how College is going to take it, and that it might affect our future relationships and negotiations with them.
*   Lukas: In this case, I would be interested in a short summary of the survey's answers containing all major aspects and ideas (including desk space, welfare) which go beyond Liaison topics, at least for the committee.

## Update on gym improvements

*   Isabel: Again, I am working on this with Thomas. We are starting a working group with student and college participation. For now, there are many small repairments coming up as discussed with Joan Lasenby [Trinity fellow, Field Club secretary].

## Update on BBQ facilities

*   Isabel: Ian [Reinhardt, Trinity College Catering] is OK with it. The Works Department will build it.

## Update on cycling lockers

*   Isabel: The lockers are essentially approved. They will hopefully be installed next term.
*   Isabel: On another note, College has done its own research regarding bike security. They have come to the conclusion that many students are not responsible with their bikes, e.g. not locking them at at all. Therefore, they will not install any cycle stands for now.

## Updates on other college committee meetings


## Discussions with the Works Department

*   Isabel: As you can see, new bookshelves have been installed. Also, we have commissioned a mural with Monica [Bilbao, bar staff and local artist].

## Update on Garden Party

*   Isabel: I booked the Fellows Garden for Sun, June 23. I have sorted out the permissions for non-amplified music and for alcohol to be served.

## Update on Freshers Week planning

*   Isabel: Dean general supports consent workshops, but implores to also put our planned materials on the website.

## Summer cooking class

*   Pooneh: I have talked to the Catering Department. In general, any Monday in July works. I will take care of further planning.

## Tables for BA Rooms

*   Isabel: Many BAs have brought up that the tables are wobbly.
*   Josh: I will look into offers.

## BA Parties

*   Pooneh: The story goes as follows. I had communicated to one of the female bar staff that we were planning to hold a BA party in the bar after the feast. On the night of the event when the party was about to take place after the feast, Indrigo [male bar staff] one-sidedly ended. I had a conversation with Ian Reinhardt and bar staff representatives afterwards. Both sides explained their view, but the conversation was inconclusive.
*   Marcel [in absence]: I think we need clearer agreements. Could we agree with bar staff that they just turn down the music at 11.30pm? That would avoid conflicts and also we would not have to constantly check the time.
*   Stefanie: We should also consider having fewer parties. One idea would be to have parties only every second week, and alternate them with chill evenings. In this case, we should also consider how to alternate with evenings where cheese and port are available.
*   Pooneh: Thank you very much for your input. I agree that the key is to have clearer agreements. We should let them know in advance to move tables etc. We should finish on time. We should give the bar staff the authority to 'pull the plug' if the necessary.

## AOB

Succession:

*   Steffi: We should be proactive in finding people for an ordered succession.
*   Lukas: Let us send out an email.
*   Hans: I think we should show more presence at regular fun events like grad bar nights.

Non-alcoholic wine:

*   Marcel [in absence]: Is there a chance to have non-alcoholic wine for people not having alcohol at BA dinners?
*   Pooneh: This falls under my jurisdiction. I will put it into the handover document.
